Update rename-channels.rst (#5983)
mattermost/docs: source/channels/rename-channels.rst

  :start-after: :nosearch:

Anyone can rename the channels they belong to, unless the System Admin has `restricted the permissions to do so using advanced permissions </onboard/advanced-permissions.html>`__.
.. tabs::

>   .. tab:: Web browser/Desktop app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. tab:: Web browser/desktop app
```

Reviewer: @ayrotideysarkar, would you be open to making this change as suggested?

>       **To Rename  channel in the desktop app**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Rename a channel**
```

>         In the desktop app, select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Rename Channel**. You'll be prompted for two values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Rename Channel**. You'll be prompted for two values:
```

        - **Channel display name:** This appears in the Mattermost user interface. 
        - **Channel handle:** This is part of the channel URL. You can also change the channel handle when renaming a channel, but changing channel handles may break existing links.

        For example, for the following channel, ``https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ux-design``, The channel display name would be ``UX Design``, and the channel handle would be ``ux-design``.

    .. tab:: Mobile app
       

>         **To Rename  channel in the mobile app V2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Rename a channel in the mobile app v2**
```

>            In the mobile app, select the channel name from the sidebar to access the menu, then select **Edit Channel** option. There will be three values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           In the mobile app, select the channel name from the sidebar to access the menu, then select **Edit Channel**. You'll be promoted for three values:
```

>            - **Name:** you can give a suitable name which will appear in the Mattermost user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           - **Name:** This appears in the Mattermost user interface.
```

>            - **Purpose:** you can write the motive of the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           - **Purpose:** This can be used to describe the channel's function or goal. This is optional.
```

>            - **Header:** we can use it to list various links and repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           - **Header:** This may include information relevant to the channel, such as useful contacts or documents. This is optional.
```

>            For example, for the following channel, ``https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ux-design``, The channel display **Name** would be ``UX Design``,             **purpose** is to discuss about UX by core contributors and staff, **Header** is the links and repos listed under Header option.

Reviewer: I don't think this is relevant here as the bullet points should cover the use cases sufficiently. And we don't want to be prescriptive about optional fields.

Author: then should I just keep Name option and remove purpose and header?
@justinegeffen

Reviewer: I was referring to the sentence describing the URL and so on. The three values should remain. :)

Anyone can rename the channels they belong to, unless the System Admin has `restricted the permissions to do so using advanced permissions </onboard/advanced-permissions.html>`__.

.. tabs::

>   .. tab:: Web browser/Desktop app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. tab:: Web browser/desktop app
```

>      **Rename a channel in desktop app**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **Rename a channel**
```
